More stream docs (#260)
coreos/fedora-coreos-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/getting-started.adoc

== Introduction

=== Streams

There are three Fedora CoreOS (FCOS) update streams available: `stable`, `testing`, and `next`. In general, you will want to use `stable`, but it is recommended to run some machines on `testing` and `next` as well and provide feedback.

> Each stream has a canonical URL representing its current state in JSON format, known as "stream metadata".  For example, the stream metadata URL for `stable` is: https://builds.coreos.fedoraproject.org/streams/stable.json.

Reviewer: Does the added final period here render as part of the URL? (At least [Refined GitHub](https://github.com/sindresorhus/refined-github/) gets thrown off by it here.)

Author: Fixed.

== Introduction

=== Streams

> Metadata about Fedora CoreOS is available in a custom JSON format, called "stream metadata".  For maintaining automation, it is expected that you will interact with this stream metadata.  There are three Fedora CoreOS (FCOS) update streams available: `stable`, `testing`, and `next`. In general, you will want to use `stable`, but it is recommended to run some machines on `testing` and `next` as well and provide feedback.

Reviewer: Feels funny to talk about JSON metadata right away on the Getting Started page before talking about the streams more generally.

Maybe let's invert the order of these sentences? And then at that point, we might as well make it work with the following sentence about the canonical URL. So e.g. something like

```suggestion
There are three Fedora CoreOS (FCOS) update streams available: `stable`, `testing`, and `next`. In general, you will want to use `stable`, but it is recommended to run some machines on `testing` and `next` as well and provide feedback.

Each stream has a canonical URL representing its current state in JSON format. This is called the "stream metadata".  For example, the stream metadata URL for `stable` is: https://builds.coreos.fedoraproject.org/streams/stable.json. For maintaining automation, it is expected that you will interact with stream metadata.
```

?

Each stream has a canonical URL representing its current state in JSON format.  For example, the URL for the stable stream is: https://builds.coreos.fedoraproject.org/streams/stable.json

While Fedora CoreOS does automatic in-place updates, it is generally a good practice to start provisioning new machines from the latest images.

> The format of this JSON file is stable, and you can parse it to e.g. find the latest ISO/AMI/etc.

Reviewer: Not from your PR, though we might as well drop this sentence too now. It looked out of order even before, but now we have that info in the stream metadata page anyway.

> For more information on using stream metadata, see xref:update-streams.adoc[Stream Metadata].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on using stream metadata, see xref:stream-metadata.adoc[Stream Metadata].
```
